Making a million dollars is easier once
you've made your first $10,000. With the
right approach, you can turn $10,000
into a million dollars in just a matter
of years. So, today I'm going to show
you exactly why everything gets easier
after your first $10,000 and the exact
steps you need to take to turn that
$10,000 into a million. Let me show you
how. First, you need to understand what
happens when you make your first
$10,000. At the age of 16, I was able to
get a contract that paid me $250 an
hour. See, when I was a little kid, I
went to community college because I
wanted to graduate college faster. And
my first class was speech 101. So, I
gave a speech and how Google's algorithm
worked. And it turned into a small
contract where they paid me $250 an
hour. And I got paid a little bit more
than $1,000 for a few hours. They were
happy with me. So much so that they
started giving me a reoccurring contract
for roughly $5,000 a month. That $5,000
a month deal was with a company called
Alpac Electronics. Eventually, that
corporation got acquired. Alpac
generated $25 million in revenue from
the traffic that I was bringing to their
website. Now, of course, I did not make
them $25 million in revenue. I brought
traffic that was worth $25 million
because their sales team then had to go
close that traffic and turn them into
customers. But I was part of that
formula. And when you first crack the
first $10,000, it's a big mental shift.
People don't struggle because of talent.
They struggle because they don't know
how and what to charge for or how to
sell. See, once I got that $5,000 a
month deal and I helped that company
generate $25 million in revenue, they
introduced me to three more companies
that all paid me $5,000 a month. That
doesn't seem like a lot, but it adds up
to 20,000 a month. And I was able to do
that all when I was 16 years old. Once
you get your first deal, you just rinse
and repeat. You just keep doing it and
scaling up and up. Even if that company
that you do well for doesn't give you
more business, you can hit up other
similar companies, even competitors, and
offer them your services and your skills
in exchange for money. You also now have
case studies. Heck, if your first deal
doesn't even pay you $250 an hour and
only pays you hundred bucks or zero and
you have to volunteer your time, that's
okay if you get that case study because
you can leverage that to make more money
in the future. Once you understand this,
you'll need to make $10,000. This is the
fastest route to making your first
$10,000. I love consulting and marketing
services. It's one of the easiest ways
to make $10,000 a month because business
is already spending billions on ads and
will gladly pay a fraction for that
organic growth. Did you know more than
$200 billion a year is spent on Google
ads? Over a h 100red billion a year is
spent on meta ads. That's a lot of
money. Why wouldn't people want to spend
a fraction of that to get that traffic
organically? And just like everyone
else, you're on the social web. You've
created content. This is great
especially for younger entrepreneurs
because they can leverage social media
marketing that they already understand.
They understand trends, what people
resonate with, and how to do well on the
social web much better than the older
demographic. and they can take this
knowledge and give it to corporations.
So, the way I would get started with
this is I would go to crunchbase.com.
Crunchbase is a site that breaks down
every single company that recently just
raised money. When someone raises money,
what do they need to do? They need to
invest it to grow faster to give their
investors a return on their investment.
So, when you go to Crunch Base, look for
all the recently funded companies, not
the ones that raise hundreds of millions
of dollars. Look for the ones that raise
a few million dollars, $5 million, 10
million max. Those are the ones that are
much more likely to pay contractors. The
people that are raising a hundred
million, $500 million, they're later
stages. They've already built out their
marketing teams. With the ones that are
raising a few million bucks or under 10,
like I mentioned, hit them up and break
down what they're doing wrong with their
marketing, whether it's SEO or paid ads
or even social media marketing, and
break down how they can fix it step by
step. If you don't know all these
marketing services, that's okay. You can
use tools like
uberess.com, put in the company's URL,
and it'll show you what they're doing
wrong and all the errors they need to
fix in order to increase the rankings.
By breaking these things down to
corporations, they're much more likely
to pay you to help them fix it. And a
lot of these tools like Uberess breaks
down how to fix the errors step by step.
And what you'll find is they'll quickly
pay you 5 to 10 grand a month to fix
some of their problems. But the key when
you email them is to give it all away
for free. Don't say, "Hey, if you pay
me, I'll give you the strategies on how
to fix this." Just give it to them away
for free. Because if you give it away
for free, it's building trust. Now, when
you're emailing the founder to get their
business, I also recommend that you
email the investor who invested in the
company because Crunchb investor as
well. and you can go to their site and
figure out which person led that deal.
So, when you include them in the email
address with the founder, you can just
Google and you'll find their email
address and you email them all the
things they're doing wrong and how to
fix it. A lot of times the investor will
put pressure on that individual and
founder to get it fixed and the founder
usually will just turn to you because
you broke down what's wrong and how to
fix it. The key to building wealth
though is to not just make $10,000. you
need to turn it into consistent monthly
income, which is really easy if you
follow this blueprint. I started with
many one-time deals, but I quickly
upsell clients into monthly retainers by
showing them real-time progress and
engagement and brand awareness. If
you're helping people with social media
marketing, for example, and you're
showcasing how you can produce better
content, which you can use a lot of AI
tools to do, and you can end up getting
them more likes, more shares, more
following. You can then use tools like
Google Trends to show how more people
are typing in their brand name and
they're getting more brand recognition
and awareness through your efforts. And
this will allow you to sell them on a
monthly engagement. If you can show
quick wins and results, whether it's
more comments, likes, engagements,
people saying how they love the content,
or even creating content that drives
people to a website or landing page
where they can collect a lead and you're
showing progress, they're much more
likely to be willing to pay you on a
monthly basis to keep that work up. If
it takes you too long to show quick
wins, they won't necessarily know what
they're getting for the money, and it's
hard to convert that onetime fee into a
monthly reoccurring revenue stream. A
simple way to show your progress is to
create monthly reporting tools through
tools like SocialBlade or Google Trends
that prove the impact of your work. For
example, Google Trends shows brand
queries over time. SocialB blade shows
follower count over time. These are
great ways to lock in monthly
reoccurring deals. But don't make this
mistake on your journey to $10,000 or
you might never get there. Who do you
think should have been the world's first
trillionaire? Elon Musk? Nope. It should
have been Bill Gates. Do you know Bill
Gates would already been a trillionaire
if he never diversified his Microsoft
stock? While Steve Balmer, on the other
hand, was a Microsoft employee, not the
founder, had less shares than Bill
Gates, and he's actually richer than
Bill Gates. He's higher on the Forbes
list. Why? He didn't sell shares. He
bleeds Microsoft. He did not diversify.
Instead, you should be reinvesting in
your business rather than chasing
different investments because this
allows you to accelerate your growth
much faster. For example, if you want to
offer social media consulting to people
and get that 10 grand a month now that
it's starting to get going, you can hire
people to help you out with some of the
work so you can focus on more sales and
getting out there and reaching to more
companies on crunchb.com to grow your
income. The key is to not diversify. The
key is to double down. The key is to
think about all the stuff that you're
spending time on that really isn't
producing much of an ROI that can easily
be done by someone else. Hire people for
those roles. Once you hire people that
can help you on the mundane and boring
task, spend your time on sales. Sales is
something that the founder should be
doing, especially during the early days
to really grow faster. Because when you
talk to potential customers, you'll
figure out how you can adjust your
approach, your outreach, and even your
pricing to increase your revenue and
profitability. Once you've made your
first $10,000, it's easy to turn into a
million dollars over time. All you need
to do is this. When I started NP
Digital, my ad agency, I hired people
off of LinkedIn. What I did is I look
for people who work for not one, but I
look for people work for two or more of
my competitors. And when you interview
people, they always tell you how they're
amazing. So, I look for people who
continually got it promoted because if
someone kept getting promoted at my
competition, chances are they produce
good results for them to get a
promotion. Especially if they got
promoted not once, but twice, but three
times. And if they got promoted three
times, had two competitors, the chances
are they're good at what they do. So I
reach out to those people and I asked
them, let's say their name was Mike. Hey
Mike, my name is Neil from NP Digital.
I'm actually interested in hiring
someone like you for this role. Do you
know anyone who may be interested? If
you notice there, I actually didn't ask
Mike if he wants a job. Because by being
indirect, what you'll find is a lot of
times they'll be like, hey, I'm actually
interested. Would love to talk to you.
and you'll get many more candidates who
are interested in working for you. If
you then interview them, if you feel
they're a good cultural fit and they are
good at what they do, you could hire
them. What's great about hiring these
people is they'll know the pitfalls in
your own business cuz they've been in
your industry for a while and they'll
help you avoid making those pitfalls,
which will cause you to have faster
growth. Plus, they have relationships
within that industry, which will allow
them to help bring revenue over to you
as well. And in the short run, if you
can't afford to hire some of these
people full-time, you can get them on a
part-time basis. Whether it's editors or
social media managers or assistants or
people who just do sales outreach for
you, you can literally get people who
work part-time for many roles. But don't
ignore this huge problem that will stop
you from making significant money. One
of the things that really helped us
reduce our churn was to send weekly and
monthly reports. By talking to our
customers on a weekly basis and on a
monthly basis, giving them proper
reporting helped increase the lifetime
value of our customer. Remember, it's
easier to make more money by keeping
your customers happy than it is to
continually go and find new customers.
You want to track metrics like brand
queries, engagement rates, follower
counts, and even how many leads and
revenue social media is generating your
customers. If you do this, they're much
more likely to continually pay you. If
you don't do this, they'll be like, "Oh,
this is all cool, but what am I
getting?" This is why you need constant
communication and show progress reports.
You can't just say, "This is what I did
each month." You need to say, "This is
what I did each month. Here are the
results, and eventually, you should be
able to show, these results cause X or Y
revenue." Overall, making your first
million dollars isn't really that
difficult. It's just a process. Once you
hit 10K, you just need to follow the
system. Successful entrepreneurs scale
by reinvesting every dollar into growth
instead of chasing distractions. When I
started off, I took all my profits and I
put it back into the business and I kept
doing it and I lived in a very
affordable manner by pretty much driving
old cars or living with my parents or
eating non-expensive food and not going
to restaurants so I can continually
reinvest the money back into my business
so it could grow faster. People who
don't reinvest as aggressively won't
make as much money. And this is one of
the keys to my success. When I see
something producing money and I know it
could be profitable, I go all in. And I
go all in without ever looking back.
Sometimes I make some mistakes, but you
pick yourself up and you learn from
mistakes and you keep pushing forward.
And eventually you'll be down led a path
of all the stuff you should be focusing
on and you'll know all the stuff you
should avoid so you don't keep making
those same mistakes over and over again.
If you don't reinvest aggressively,
you'll be stuck at that 10K mark and you
won't do well. And this is the big
difference from people who make a lot of
money and don't. The people who aren't
making a lot of money usually aren't
willing to take big bets. The best way
to reinvest in your business is to look
at what areas will create the biggest
return on investment. For example, it
could be sales. Hiring more salespeople
could produce more revenue. Or on the
flip side, if your clients aren't
staying with you long, a better
reinvestment strategy could be better
account managers because if you have
better account managers, clients will be
happier, which will cause people to
stick with you longer. And that is
exactly how I make a million dollars in
the next 12 months, even if I was
starting from zero. Follow this road
map.